feat(docs): enhancements to ensnode.io LP & docs (#2131)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/services/index.mdx

  order: 1
---

> import ENSNodeServiceCard from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/components/atoms/ENSNodeServiceCard.astro"

Reviewer: Please see related comments on import statements, thanks

Author: Resolved [on Slack](https://namehash.slack.com/archives/C086Z6FNBHN/p1779123243040529?thread_ts=1779104405.462969&cid=C086Z6FNBHN)

Author: Created a follow-up issue for this item, as requested &rarr; https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/issues/2134

import ENSRainbow3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSRainbow3D.png";
import ENSIndexer3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSIndexer3D.png";
import ENSAdmin3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSAdmin3D.png";
import ENSApi3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSApi3D.png";
import ENSDb3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSDb3D.png";

> **Developing or contributing to ENSNode?** Use these sections for concepts, deployment, configuration, and contribution guides for the part of the stack you care about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Self-hosting or contributing to ENSNode development?** Use these sections for concepts, deployment, configuration, and contribution guides for the part of the ENSNode stack you care about.
```

> Each ENSNode instance is composed of **a set of services**. Each service has a clear role in indexing, storing the onchain state of ENS, APIs, name healing, or admin operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ENSNode instance is composed of **a set of services**. Each service has a clear role and set of responsibilities to form the full-stack ENSv2 development platform.
```

> <div class="w-full h-fit flex flex-col justify-start items-start gap-4 min-[800px]:gap-6 ">

Reviewer: Please reorder the services on this page into the following order:

- ENSAdmin
- ENSApi
- ENSDb
- ENSIndexer
- ENSRainbow

>   <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSApi" href="/docs/services/ensapi" description="APIs for building on ENS.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSApi" href="/docs/services/ensapi" description="APIs for building on ENS, including the ENS Omnigraph API.">
```

    <img slot="icon" src={ENSApi3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-100 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

>   <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSIndexer" href="/docs/services/ensindexer" description="Multichain indexer for ENSv2.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSIndexer" href="/docs/services/ensindexer" description="Multichain indexer based on Ponder that combines any number of ENSv1 &quot;Nametrees&quot; and the ENSv2 &quot;Namegraph&quot; into a single unified &quot;ENS Unigraph&quot; indexed data model inside your ENSDb.">
```

@Y3drk Please double check these quotation marks. I may have easily messed them up in this GitHub PR comment panel.

Author: Verified that the quotation marks are okay.

<img width="937" height="290" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ebf8330e-e544-4076-989d-398cc9889f3f" />

    <img slot="icon" src={ENSIndexer3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-190 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />

>   </ENSNodeServiceCard>

Author: Not true. The styling works correctly with those classes.

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSDb" href="/docs/services/ensdb" description="The live, onchain state of ENS in your DB.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSDb3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-100 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSRainbow" href="/docs/services/ensrainbow" description="Heals unknown ENS names.">

>     <img slot="icon" src={ENSRainbow3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-175 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />

Author: Not true. The styling works correctly with those classes.

  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSAdmin" href="/docs/services/ensadmin" description="ENSNode operator dashboard and ENS Protocol Inspector.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSAdmin3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-190 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />

>   </ENSNodeServiceCard>

Author: Not true. The styling works correctly with those classes.

---

> import { LinkCard, CardGrid } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

Author: Removed unused imports

import ENSRainbow3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSRainbow3D.png";
import ENSIndexer3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSIndexer3D.png";
import ENSAdmin3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSAdmin3D.png";
import ENSApi3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSApi3D.png";
import ENSDb3DImage from "@workspace/docs/ensnode.io/src/assets/ENSDb3D.png";

**Developing or contributing to ENSNode?** Use these sections for concepts, deployment, configuration, and contribution guides for the part of the stack you care about.

Each ENSNode instance is composed of **a set of services**. Each service has a clear role in indexing, storing the onchain state of ENS, APIs, name healing, or admin operations.

<div class="w-full h-fit flex flex-col justify-start items-start gap-4 min-[800px]:gap-6 ">
  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSApi" href="/docs/services/ensapi" description="APIs for building on ENS.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSApi3DImage.src} class="scale-100 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

> 

Author: Not true. The styling works correctly with those classes.

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSIndexer" href="/docs/services/ensindexer" description="Multichain indexer for ENSv2.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSIndexer3DImage.src} class="scale-190 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSDb" href="/docs/services/ensdb" description="The live, onchain state of ENS in your DB.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSDb3DImage.src} class="scale-100 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSRainbow" href="/docs/services/ensrainbow" description="Heals unknown ENS names.">
    <img slot="icon" src={ENSRainbow3DImage.src} class="scale-175 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSAdmin" href="/docs/services/ensadmin" description="ENSNode operator dashboard and ENS Protocol Inspector.">

>     <img slot="icon" src={ENSAdmin3DImage.src} class="scale-190 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />

Author: Applied
